You, me and Song Ye are all normal people.
It's not 200,000.
I told him.
Not a penny for the bride price.
What did you say?
I told you I loved him.
The bride doesn't want a penny.
Don't even think about it.
The first snow.
I raised you so big, why are you so self-deprecating?
The bride price of 1 point does not need you to fight with you.
You actually introduce yourself.
In your eyes, am I a commodity?
I can sell it at a good price, don't I give it up myself?
What's that?
There's no price.
You're too much.
How can you say that about your daughter?
In the past, what woman married a man who did not receive the bride price?
Besides, why would I give you a daughter for nothing?
Did I give you 200,000?
You don't bother Snow anymore.
Simple.
It's okay.
As long as he doesn't bother you anymore, how much?
Your secretary is married to a good husband.
Try not to sleep.
Mouth.
Dad.
This is the last time I'll call you.
I hope you don't bother my life anymore.
This gift will not be given to you.
Don't take a penny.
Don't even think about it.
You know you didn't pay, right?
Divorce I pay you to be on stage
Let me out! Let me out! What are you doing?